Audit logs blog (#2435)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/getting-started-with-pulumi-audit-logs/index.md

---

> title: "Getting Started with Pulumi Audit Logs"

Reviewer: Maybe we can make this pop a bit more for someone not already deep into Pulumi:

# Auditing Your Organization's Infrastructure as Code Activity

?

Author: Yes, I like it. 👍

date: "2020-02-10"
meta_desc: "Get started with audit logs"
meta_image: "pulumi-webhooks.png"
authors: ["sean-holung"]

> tags: []

Author: Can I just add a tag here called "Audit Logs" or something similar, or is there like some predefined set of values I should be referencing?

Reviewer: Maybe "enterprise"?

---

We are excited to announce the release of Audit Logs on
[Pulumi](https://app.pulumi.com) for Enterprise organizations.
Audit logs enable you to track the activity of users within an

> organization. Audit logs attempt to answer who did what, when

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
organization. They record who did what, when
```

> organization. Audit logs attempt to answer who did what, when

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
organization. They record who did what, when
```

they did it and where. They help answer these questions

> by recording entries for activities invoked by users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by recording user actions.
```

> by recording entries for activities invoked by users.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
by recording user actions.
```

Pulumi's audit logs allow you to account for the activity your
users are taking within your organization. These logs are available to
organizations with an Enterprise level subscription. The logs are immutable and

> are recorded whenever a user invokes an action. This allows the activity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and record all user actions. Auditing makes the activity
```

> are recorded whenever a user invokes an action. This allows the activity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
record all user actions. Auditing makes the activity
```

> of members in an organization to be traced.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of members in an organization attributable.
```

> The logs are recorded with the UNIX timestamp of the event, the user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The logs capture the UNIX timestamp of the event, the user
```

who invoked the action, the event that took place, and the source IP

> of the call being made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of the call the user made.
```

## Using Pulumi Audit Logs

Audit logs are available to organizations with an Enterprise level subscription

> only. You can view the audit logs for your organization if you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
only. If you are an organization administrator, you can view
```

> are an organization admin, by selecting your organization from the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
your organization's audit logs by selecting your organization from the
```

> organization drop down. Then click on the settings tab. On the left nav-bar

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
organization dropdown. Then click on the settings tab. On the left nav-bar
```

you should see a tab called Audit Logs. Clicking here will allow you to view
the most recent audit logs for your organization.

![auditlogs](./auditlogs.png)

This will show the most recent events in decending order. You can

> also filter logs by a particular user by clicking on the user's avatar. This will

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
also filter logs by a particular user by clicking on the user's avatar. Doing so
```
